I understand what you mean
Why did you hit me?
Miss Xu, you must have hit the wrong person, right?
I still don't understand
What's going on?
Could it be that this kid has anything to do with his subordinates?
Hey, isn't that right?
Of course, he is the father who stands on the side of the Zhao family
This person has no law
Enemy all the way
As a governor
There is no way to ask yourself
Believe it or not, I will fight with you
You deserve to be the governor with your eyes
It's better to let everyone take you down immediately
After all, he is also the governor of southern Xinjiang
You train like a son
It's my son at all
But my uncle
You didn't see it right this time.
Now, this is an extraordinary man.
Outsider
That's right, I also asked Mr. Ye to treat my grandfather
He also heals
kid
Mr. Buye
If you can really cure my father's ancient slavery
Then I take back my life and apologize to you.
People I can do
But it's not as simple as apologizing
I have three conditions you say
A crowd of people kowtowed and apologized
2 Government House witnesses a letter of divorce
It has nothing to do with cutting off the eagle of the Ou-Israeli and Han families
Ten thousand, you humiliate me again
3 Let the Zhao family completely decorate in southern Xinjiang
Hahahaha
My Zhao family is a master in southern Xinjiang
In fact, if you say it is destroyed, it will be destroyed.
The first and second things I can do
This third thing is too difficult for you
If it's difficult, I'll do it myself